10.3.1.1 Lab - Windows Installation
Engin spurning

10.3.1.4 Lab - Finalize the Windows Installation
What options are available in the Driver tab?
Driver details, Update Driver, Roll Back Driver, Disable Device, Uninstall Device
After finalizing the Windows installation, what else can you do to improve your experience?
download chrome
3.1.2.5 Lab - Search for BIOS or UEFI Firmware Updates
What key or combination of keys is used to run Setup on your computer?
það fer eftir gerðin á tölvuna en það er oftast mill f1 til f12
Who is the manufacturer of the BIOS?
geri á föstudaginn
Which BIOS version is installed in your computer
intel core i7 inside(á tölvunni minni)
What is the current BIOS version available for the motherboard
geri á föstudaginn
3.1.2.7 Lab - Install Third-Party Software in Windows
Sleppa spurningu 1
Spurning 2 = þeir vilja að þú gerir það frekar svo að þú eyðir líka öllum related files ekki bara appinu
10.2.1.8 Lab - Create a Partition in Windows
What type of File System is used on the NEW VOLUME (I:)?

FAT32

How much Free Space is shown?

1,99GB
List the tabs found in the NEW VOLUME (I): Properties window?

General
Tools
Hardware
Sharing
ReadyBoost
Previous Version
Customize
What tabs are listed in the ITE Test Document Properties window?

General
Details
Previous Version
What happens if you do not run as administrator when you open the command prompt?

Þú byrjar í C:\Windows\system32
What type of File System is used for the ITE (I:) drive?

NTFS
What are the tabs in the ITE (I:) Properties window?

General
Tools
Hardware
Sharing
ReadyBoost
Previous Version
Customize
Quota
Security
When the volume was FAT32, there were six tabs. What are the names of the new tabs that were added after the volume was converted to NTFS?

Quota
Security
What are the tabs in the ITE Test Document Properties window?

General
Security
Details
Previous Version
When the volume was FAT32, there were three tabs. What is the name of the new tab that was added after the volume was converted to NTFS?

Security
Why is there an additional Security tab in the properties window of documents stored on an NTFS volume?

Svo að þú getir breitt permissions á skjölum og möppum
11.1.2.10 Lab - Explore the Windows Desktop
List some of the icons that are on the Desktop
persónulegar möppur, ruslafata, forrit, leikir og fleira
What type of information is available on the Desktop and Taskbar
shortcuts, control panel, og personulegar moppur eða forrit
Name a few applications listed in the Start Menu.
file explorer, network, personal file and more
What are some of the available options
when you right click on a file or program you have the choice to pin it taskbar or open whats in inside it
What are the available options in the Taskbar settings
you can hide the taskbar, lock the taskbar and move the taskbar
What are the available options in the Task View settings
when you click on tassk view you will see all windows open in one screen
The Notification area on the right edge of the Taskbar provides system information. List some examples of system information below
see the network, go to settings and turn, airplane mode status and more
What are the behavior options for the icons
you can turn off all icons or choose wich icon ti appear
Click Turn system icons on or off. List the system icons that can be enabled
clock, volume, network, power, input indicator, location, action center, touch keyboard, windows ink workspace, touchpad and microphone
What can you do in the Notification & actions Settings window
change icon and remove icon, lower the brightness, select icon and see the battery
11.1.3.4 Lab - Work with Task Manager
What happens when you force close a web browser?
það leyfir þér að loka öllum file'um sem eru unresponsive eða responsive og líka leyfir þér að loka öppum sem eru frosin. og það bara force lokar þeim
What options are when you Right-click the web browser in the Task Manager?
Öll options eru:
Expand
Switch to
End task
Provide feedback
Recource values
Debug
Create dump file
Go to details
Open file location
Search online
Properties
what statuses are listed in the service tab in task manager?
Það eru annnahvort Stopped eða Running
hvaða options eru þegar þú right-clikkar á service í service tabinu?
Öll option eru:
Start
Stop
Restart
Open Services
Search online
Go to details
What is the current utilization of the CPU?
4%
How many streams of instructions (i.e. Threads) are currently running?
3134
How many Apps, Background processes, and Windows processes (i.e Processes) are currently running?
269
What is the total physical memory (MB)?
15,9/16 GB
What is the available physical memory (MB)?
9.1 GB
How much physical memory (MB) is being used by the computer?
6.8 GB
What is the link speed? What type of Ethernet Adapter is in use on this computer?
2ms ping/DOWNLOAD 94.36 Mbps/Upload 94.94 Mbps og eg er með 2 Pci port.
What type of network connection (i.e Connection type) is in use?
Ethernet
What is the IPv4 address of the PC?
192.168.56.1
What happens when you click memory in the process tab and also click it twice?
ef þú clikkar einu sinni þá sorterar talvan með mestu memry notkun til minnstu og ef þú clikkar tvisvar þá kemur listinn öfugur
What happens when you change it to percetage?
listin kemur með prósentum
How could this be useful?
Ef maður vill sjá listann í prósentum/það er betra að lesa hann þannig
If you click name the listed processes are divided by categories. What categories are listed?
Öll catagories eru:
Apps
Background Processes
Windows Processes
Right-click a usernamein the Users menu. What are the available options?
Allir möguleikar eru:
Expand
Disconnect
Manage User Account
11.1.4.11 Lab - Working with File Explorer
What happened with Folder1 and Folder2 on the Desktop?
Folder1 and Folder2 byrtust á Desktop
What is the file extension for the text document?
.txt
How would you do it?
Ýti á txt fileið, CTRL+C, fer inn í folder2 og CTRL+V
What are the attributes associated with this file?
A
What is the complete path to Folder3?
C:\Users\sigthor \Desktop\Folder2
In Windows 8.x and 10, which directories are listed under Folders?
Folder 3, test.txt
What happened? Why would you want to do this?
Mappan kemur á hliðina á File Explorer, þetta væri gott ef maður er að nota möppu eða forrit oft.
What are folders listed in the Local Disk (C:)?
Intel, PerfLogs, Program Files, Program Files(x86), Users, Windows
Open the Users folder. List all the folders in the directory
sigthor, Public
Were you able to open it? Explain.
Já?
Open the Public folder. List all the folders in the directory.
Public Documents, Public Downloads, Public Music, Public Pictures, Public Videos.
Which folders or files listed under the Libraries heading?
Documents, Music, Pictures, Videos
How would you remove the directory of Folder1 from the library without deleting Folder1 and its contents from the computer?
Ferð í Library Tools, velur Folder1 og ýtir á Remove
11.2.1.5 Lab - Explore Control Panel Categories
What are the viewing options
þar getur þu breytt hvort þu vilt fá allt i gategory, stækka myndinar og minnka þá
Select the Categories view as necessary. Name a few of the Control Panel categories.
sytem and security, user account og network and internet og fleira
Which subcategory would help you troubleshoot common problems
þú mundir þurfa að fara í security and maintenance
Which subcategory allow a program through Windows Firewall
þú mundir þurfa að fara í Windows Defender Firewall undir það stendur allow an app through windows firewall
Which subcategory allows you to view the basic network information and set up connections
undir Network and Internet er eitthvað sem heitir wiev nettwork status and task
Which subcategory allows you to choose what happens when you insert a media or device
í device's and printers þar getur þu valið að setja inn media eða device
Which subcategory allows you to add a printer
í device's er efst uppi takki sem stendur add a printer
Which subcategory would you use to have a specific file type always open in a specified program
inní default programs stendur associate a file type or protocol with a programa þar getur þú valið sérstök mappa til að opna
Which subcategory would you use to uninstall a program
ef þú ferð inn í Programs and features og left clickar eitthvað forrit þá getur þu uninstalla programið
Which subcategory would you use to install the Windows telnet client
Select Programs and Features In the Programs and Features dialog box, go to the left pane and select Turn Windows features on or off. In the Windows Features dialog box, select the Telnet Client check box.
Which subcategory would you use change the account type from administrator to standard
go to user account, under user acoounts is change user account type, click on the user you want to change, click change the account type then from administartor to standard.
Which subcategory would you use to view, edit, or remove the web and Windows credentials
in credential manager
Which subcategory would you use to customize the Taskbar
in taskbar and navigation
Which subcategory would you use to show hidden files and folders
in file explorer options, show hidden files and folders there u can choose the file or folder
Which subcategory would you use to show extensions for known file types
click on Folder Options then click View, Advanced Settings, you will see the option Hide extensions for known file types and uncheck that
Which subcategory would you use to change the time zone
go into date and time and change it there were it says Change date and time
Which subcategory would you use to change date format
in region were it says Date and time format
Which subcategory would you use to synchronize the time on a computer with a specific web server on the Internet
Click on Date and Time, then open the Internet Time tab, click Change settings button, then check that Synchronize with an internet time server option is selected then click update and apply
Which subcategory would you use to configure the computer to read aloud any text on the screen
go to Ease of accsess center and click Narrator and enable it
Which subcategory would you use to improve the computer’s ability to understand your voice and improve the dictation accuracy
go to Speech Recognition and click start Speech Recogntion and follow through those steps.
11.2.2.3 Lab - User Accounts
Það eru nokkrar spurningar sem eg get ekki svarað eins og að breyta hlutum um accounta sem var breytt i windows 10 spurningarnar eru fyrir windows 7 og 8
What is the advantage of having most users work within a Standard user account?
Standard userar geta ekki breytt neinu sem hefur áhryf á alla tölvuna eins og breyta security
For this lab, select Delete Files. What are the other options? When would you choose the other options?
Það eru engin options
11.2.5.8 Lab - Manage Virtual Memory
What is the current size of the virtual memory (paging file)?
4GB
What Drive [Volume Label] contains the paging file? *
11.2.6.2 Lab - Use Device Manager
What information is listed in the Device Manager window? Why would you use it
device manager is mostly to send info for you about what is inside the computer. you would propably use it to see if you have some troucle with a hard drive or other
What additional information does Driver Details provide
tell you the date, if you can update it or even unistall it
What two options do you have for updating the driver
it will let me either update it automatically or let me do it manually
What does the Roll Back Driver button do? The Roll Back Driver can be grayed out on your computer, why would it be grayed out
if you update the driver and it will fail then the roll back will take before the update. it's grayed out because you havent updated it yet
What are the other available options
disable the device and unistall the device
11.3.1.11 Lab - Monitor and Manage System Resources
What is the status of the Defender Antivirus Network Inspection Service?
Running
Record the Windows Defender status after turning windows virus protector off.
það segir ekki neitt núna en sagði running áðan
in your windows logs and in the General tab, what is listed as the Source of the event? What is the severity level?
Source = SecurityCenter -- severity level = information
In Notepad, click File > Print. Record a listed printer
Litur on tsmyq.2t.local og status = ready
Right-click Print Spooler and select Stop then Navigate to Notepad. Attempt to print What message did you receive? How would you fix this?
Error messageið sem eg fekk var: Before you can perform printer related tasks such as page setup or printing a document, you need to install a printer. do you want to install a printer now? og þú gætir lagað það með því að breyta settings til baka og vera nær prentara eða tengja tölvuna við prentarann
When DHCP Client stops, what other services will also be stopped?
Allt sem stoppar er:
Intel(R) dynamic application loader host interface service
IP helper
WinHTTP wb proxy auto-discovery service
Network connected devices auto-setup
Network list service
Network location awareness
Why is it important to exercise care when managing services?
Svo maður vitir hvað á að gera þegar maður þarf að gera þetta
What is the full path name to the example file name?
C:\PerfLogs\LEGIONEL_20200220-000001\DataCollector01.csv en get ekki breytt log formatinu
What does the column farthest to the right show?
get ekki opnað hana rétt eg get ekki breytt formatinu og ég þarf .csv og eg er með .blg
11.3.2.7 Lab - System Utilities
What was the path you use to navigate to the Event Viewer?
[Console Root\Management Tools\Computer Manegement (local)\System Tools\Event Viewer]
11.3.2.8 Lab - Manage System Files
þetta er gert i fartölvu
Under the System Summary heading locate and list the following
processor
intel core i7 6700HQ
BIOS/version date
lenovo CDCN53 WW 19-sep-16
Total Physical Memory
15.8 GB
Under the Hardware Resources heading, locate and list the following:
DMA channels and the device using the resources.
biða
Under the Components heading locate and list the following
Adapter Description:
NVidia geforce 960 M
Adapter RAM:
1,048,576 bytes
Under the Software Environment heading, where would you find the applications that automatically load when the computer boots?
in startup programs
What are the startup options
normal startup, diagnostic startup and selective start up
Can you enable and disable services at this tab
yes there's a tab for it
What can you do in this tab
this is a shortcut for changeing user account, knowing about your computer and more
What does this tool report
give all information about the pc
What information is listed on this page
gives info about device, driver and directx features
What information is listed on this page
it gives info about sound drivers and sound devices'
What information is listed on this page
the device name of inputs like mouse and keyboard
What information is listed on these extra tabs
there is a tab called render and it lists info about the driver and device
Why would it be beneficial to turn off a service in the system configuration
minnar álag á örgjafann
reduce the ram
11.4.1.5 Lab - Work in the Windows Command Shell
To see the next page, press the spacebar. What happens when you press enter?
þú færð bara eina línu í einu
fill out the functions of the following commands:
þetta eu öll commands og svör
cd = Displays the name of or changes the current directory.
CHKDSK = Checks a disk and displays a status report.
Copy = Copies one or more files to another location.
DEL = Deletes one or more files.
DIR = Displays a list of files and subdirectories in a directory.
DISKPART = Displays or configures Disk Partition properties.
EXIT = Quits the CMD.EXE program (command interpreter).
FORMAT = Formats a disk for use with Windows.
GPRESULT = Displays Group Policy information for machine or user.
MD = Creates a directory.
TASKLIST = Displays all currently running tasks including services.
RD = Removes a directory.
ROBOCOPY = Advanced utility to copy files and directory trees
shutdown = Allows proper local or remote shutdown of machine.
XCOPY = Copies files and directory trees.
How would you create these folders C:\Users\ITEUser\a\b\c if your current directory is C:\Users\ITEUser?
= mkdir a b c
What command would you use to verify the creation of the nested directories?
í Linux gætirðu notað ls en í terminal geturu notað DIR
Clear the screen using the command line. What command did you use?
CLS
What is the last command that you have used?
CLS
Press up arrow to display the last command used.
CLS
11.4.2.7 Lab - File System Commands
What is the current directory? *C:\Users\sigthor
Which folder are you in now?
ITEfolder3
What command or commands did you use to create the nested folders?
md ITEfolder4\ITEfolder5
After issuing the cd .. command, what is your directory now?
C:\Users\sigthor\ITEfolder3\ITEfolder4
What would be the current directory if you issue this command at C:\Users\ITEfolder4?
C:\Users\sigthor\ITEfolder3
What single command would you use to delete all the files with doc2 in the filename?
del * doc2 *
What command would you use to delete all the files in the directory?
del /S ITEfolder1
What option allows you to copy all the files and directories, including the empty directories?
/E
Were you able to delete the directory? Explain
Ég gat eytt möppunni
What are the advantages of using CLI vs. GUI?
Það er hægt að geyra mikið meira mun aupveldara í CLI en það er mun auðveldara að skilja og sjá hvað er verið að gera með GUI
11.4.3.2 Lab - Disk CLI Commands
What is the option to fix errors on the drive
type chkdsk /F
What is the option to locate bad sectors and recover readable information
type chkdsk /R
What happened? Explain
when you type the command it will exam all the files in the c drive
What is the file system of the drive
it will check the system when it restarts
What option is used to determine the maximum number of bytes that the volume can be shrink by
it depends on how much space you have on your disk
11.4.4.2 Lab - Task and System CLI Commands
What command would you use to display the results of tasklist one page at a time?
tasklist | more
What is the option to list the modules that are associated with a task?
/M
What command would you use if you want to find all the tasks that use the module oleaut32.dll? List a few tasks that uses oleaut32.dll.
tasklist /M oleaut32.dll og nikkur dæmi eru: svchost.exe, SkypeApp.exe og tasklist.exe
What command would you use to find out all the processes that have been running for more than 1 hour and 40 minutes?
tasklist /fi "cputime gt 01:00:00" eða tasklist /fi "cputime gt 00:40:00"
What option would you use if you only wanted to scan the integrity of all the protected system files?
sfc /VERIFYONLY
Enter the command to log off your computer. Record the command below.
shutdown /l
Log back into the computer and shut it down in 120 seconds using the command line
shutdown /s /t 120 /c
Record the command below. What warning message did you see?
you are about to get signed out
What command would you use to abort the shutdown?
shutdown /a
11.4.5.3 Lab - Other Useful Commands
When does the password expire?
15.2.2021
What is the local drive letter assigned to the connected resource?
"c"